feat(docs): New page about sequencing (#6536)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/about-iota/iota-architecture/iota-architecture.mdx

## Consensus

Every transaction on IOTA that touches a shared object must go through a consensus process. This is to ensure that all nodes in the network agree on which transactions should be allowed to modify the ledger state.
IOTA currently uses the [Mysticeti](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.14821) consensus algorithm.

Go to [Consensus](consensus.mdx).

> ## Sequencing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sequencing

```

> After consensus provides the set of transactions to be included in the ledger, they must be sequenced to determine their exact order. IOTA uses a unique sequencing algorithm aimed at maximizing throughput by making optimal use of concurrent processing capabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once consensus provides the set of transactions to be included in the ledger, they must be sequenced to determine their exact execution order. IOTA uses a unique sequencing algorithm aimed at maximizing throughput by leveraging concurrent processing capabilities.
```
